Blog post for v9.1 stable version (#22305)
abpframework/abp: docs/en/Blog-Posts/2025-03-07 v9_1_Release_Stable/POST.md

# ABP.IO Platform 9.1 Final Has Been Released!

![](cover-image.png)

> Today, [ABP](https://abp.io/) 9.1 stable version has been released today. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are glad to announce that [ABP](https://abp.io/) 9.1 stable version has been released. 
```

You can check the [Get Started page](https://abp.io/get-started) to see how to get started with ABP. You can either download [ABP Studio](https://abp.io/get-started#abp-studio-tab) (**recommended**, if you prefer a user-friendly GUI application - desktop application) or use the [ABP CLI](https://abp.io/docs/latest/cli) to create new solutions.

By default, ABP Studio uses stable versions to create solutions. Therefore, it will be creating the solution with the latest stable version, which is v9.1 for now, so you don't need to specify the version.

### How to Upgrade an Existing Solution

You can upgrade your existing solutions with either ABP Studio or ABP CLI. In the following sections, both approaches are explained:

### Upgrading via ABP Studio

If you are already using the ABP Studio, you can upgrade it to the latest version to align it with ABP v9.1. ABP Studio periodically checks for updates in the background, and when a new version of ABP Studio is available, you will be notified through a modal. Then, you can update it by confirming the opened modal. See [the documentation](https://abp.io/docs/latest/studio/installation#upgrading) for more info.

> After upgrading the ABP Studio, then you can open your solution in the application, and simply click the **Switch to stable** action button to instantly upgrade your solution:

Reviewer: Why not "Upgrade ABP Packages" command?
